
	Skip to content

	
		
			
				
					
						
					
					
						
							An official website of the United States government
						
						Here’s how you know
					
					
						Here’s how you know
					
				
			
			
				
					
						
						
							
								Official websites use .govA
								.gov website belongs to an official government
								organization in the United States.
							
						
					
					
						
						
							
								Secure .gov websites use HTTPSA
								lock (
								
										Lock
										Locked padlock icon
										
									 ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to
								the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official,
								secure websites.
							
						
					
				
			
		
	

	

	
	
		
			
				
					
						
							AI.gov
							
							
						
					
				
				Menu
			
			
				
					
				
				
																																															
							Administration Actions						
																	
							Apply Now						
																	
							Build your AI Skills						
																	
							Bring your AI Skills to the U.S.						
																	
							Make Your Voice Heard						
																					
							Español						
									
			
		
	

	


	
		
			
				
					President Biden
					Making AI Workfor the American People
					Join the National AI Talent Surge
					
						Apply Now					
				
			
			
		
		
			
				
					
					
				
				
					
					Play Video
				
			
		
		
			
			
				
			
		
	



	
		
			Introduction
			AI is one of the most powerful technologies of our time. President Biden has been clear that we must take bold action to harness the benefits and mitigate the risks of AI. The Biden-Harris Administration has acted decisively to protect safety and rights in the age of AI, so that everyone can benefit from the promise of AI.
			
				Learn More about the Biden-Harris Administration’s Actions			
		
	



	
		
			
				Administration Actions on AI
				President Biden has signed an Executive Order to advance agencies’ efforts on AI across the federal government, building on previous actions to harness the benefits and mitigate the risks of AI.
				
					Learn More				
			
		
		
			
				Join the AI Talent Surge
				The federal government is rapidly hiring talent to build and govern AI to fulfill the priorities set forth by the Biden-Harris Administration.
				
					Apply Now				
			
		
	



	
		
			
				
					Make Your Voice Heard
				
				
					AI only works when it works for all of us. Let us know how AI can work better for you.
				
				
					
						Learn More					
				
			
		
	



	
		
			
			
		
	
	
	
		
			Build Your AI Skills
			American students, workers, and educators are foundational to ensuring our nation’s leadership in AI.
			
				Find resources to build your AI skills			
		
	



	
		
			
				
					Bring your AI Skills to the U.S.
					Building the most talented AI workforce in the world includes welcoming the world’s AI talent to our country.
					
						Learn about pathways to work in the U.S.					
				
			
			
		
		
			
				
					
					
				
			
		
	



	
		
			
				
				GovernmentUse of AI
				The federal government is harnessing the opportunities of AI to improve its services for the public.
				
					Explore government uses of AI				
			
		
		
			
				National AI Advisory Committee
				The National AI Advisory Committee (NAIAC) advises the White House on a range of issues related to AI.
				
					Learn more about the NAIAC				
			
		
	


		
	

	
					
				
			
				
					
						
							The Biden-Harris Administration is dedicated to ensuring the U.S. leads in safe, secure, and trustworthy AI innovation to harness the opportunities of AI while mitigating its risks.						
					
					
						
							
																	
										
											
																																																																																																							
														Administration Actions													
																																						
														Apply Now													
																																						
														Build your AI Skills													
																																						
														Bring your AI Skills to the U.S.													
																																						
														Make Your Voice Heard													
																							
										
									
																
									
										
																																															
													Government Use of AI												
																																			
													National AI Advisory Committee												
																																			
													WhiteHouse.gov												
																																			
													Accessibility Statement												
																																																																																	
									
								
							
						
					
				
			
		
		
			
		
	

	
	
window.NREUM||(NREUM={});NREUM.info={"beacon":"bam.nr-data.net","licenseKey":"NRJS-38cd91aea19ca6f246a","applicationID":"771604732","transactionName":"YQFTNxBZXkcFUkdcW1hLchYRTF9ZS0JHVEBfBw==","queueTime":0,"applicationTime":0,"atts":"TUZQQVhDTUk=","errorBeacon":"bam.nr-data.net","agent":""}


